[x]1. (3 points) When the clients starts up it should connect to the server. The server will
reply by asking for the name of the player.

[x]2. (3 points) The client should send their name and the server should receive it and
greet the client by name.

[x]3. (3 points) The client should be presented a choice between seeing a leader board or
playing the game (make the interface easy so a user will know what to do).

[x](Client name showing on leader board, not points)4. (4 points) The leader board will show all players that have played since the server
started with their name and points. The server will maintain the leader board and
send it to the client when requested. Add on: 3 more points if the leader board
is persistent even when the server is restarted (we did not cover this in class yet
though).

[x]5. (3 points) If the client chooses to start the game, the server will then send over a first
quote of a character – you need to print the intended answer in the server terminal
to simplify grading for us.

[x]6. (3 points) The client can then either enter a guess, e.g. "Jack Sparrow", type "more"
or "next". See what these options do below.

[x]7. (5 points) The client enters a guess and the server must check the guess and respond
accordingly. If the answer is correct then they will get a new picture with a new
quote (or they might win - see later). If the answer is incorrect they will be informed
that the answer was incorrect and can try again.

[x](when user types more for the 6 or 7 time gives them image again)8. (4 points) If the client enters "more" then they will get another quote from the same
movie character. If they enter "more" when the last image was already displayed for
this picture then they need to be informed that there are no more pictures (quotes)
for this character.

[x](not accounting for amount of characters available)9. (7 points) Users can always enter "next" which will make the server send a new
quote for a new character. If there are no more characters available you can show
one of the old ones or inform the user and quit the round. You may implement other
options but do not let things crash.

[x]10. (4 points) If the server receives 3 correct guesses and the timer did not run out (1
minute), then the server will send a "winner" image (display in UI or open frame
when using terminal).

[x]11. (5 points) If the server receives a guess and the timer ran out the client lost and will
get a "loser" image and message (display in UI or open frame when using terminal).

[x]12. (7 points) We also want a point system so that you get more points for answering
faster without asking for more quotes. The point system is to be maintained on the
server! If you answer on the first quote you get 5 points, answer on the second 4
points, on the third 3 points and on the last one 1 point. If the user types "next" they
loose 2 points (overall points for a round can be negative). Current points should
always be displayed on the client GUI (or in the terminal).

[x]13. (2 points) At the end of a game (if lost or won) display how many points the client
got. If the user lost, the leader board does not change. If they won add their new
points to their old points on the leader board. You can assume that their name
always identifies them.

14. Evaluations of the input needs to happen on the server side; the client will not know
the pictures, their corresponding answers, the points, or the leader board. The
correct answers should not be sent to the client. No real points for this since if this
is not done then you do not really use the client/server correctly. So this will lead
to deductions above.

[x](Not yet include protocal design)15. (4 points) Your protocol must be robust. If a command that is not understood
is sent to the server or an incorrect parameterization of the command, then the
protocol should define how these are indicated. Your protocol must have headers
and optionally payloads. This means in the context of one logical message the
receiver of the message has to be able to read a header, understand the metadata
it provides, and use it to assist with processing a payload (if one is even present).
This protocol needs to be described in detail in the README.md.

[x] (could handle more erros)16. (7 points) Your programs must be robust. If errors occur on either the client or server
or if there is a network problem, you have to consider how these should be handled
in the most recoverable and informative way possible. Implement good general error
handling and output. Your client/server should not crash even when invalid inputs
are provided by the user.

[x]17. (3 points) After the player wins/loses they can start a new game by entering their
name again or they can quit by typing "quit". After entering their name they can
choose start or the leader board again.

[/] (did not implement)18. (3 points) - advice: skip this until you have everything else then get back to this:
If a game is in progress and a second client tries to connect, they should receive a
message that a game is already in progress and they cannot connect. How exactly
you handle this, whether you let the client wait or just do not let them do anything
anymore, is up to you. DO NOT use threads, yes I know I am mean.